# Class 20-10-2023



## System in folders

- myhouse
    - living_room
        - leds1 (rgb_strip)
        - leds2 (rgb_strip)
    - kitchen
        - Toaster
            - Consumption (i2c_dev returning power)
            - Switch (output)
        - Coffee-machine
            - coffee_left (ultrasonic distance)
            - milk_left (swimmer with reed switch --> contact)
            - switch (output)
    - Main
        - switch (output)
    - system.conf  


### Assignments:
- With peer (10 minutes):
    - Which topic needs to be called with what to:
        - Switch on the coffee machine? kitchen/coffee-machine/switch/set "on"
        - set all lights in living room to blue? living_room/#/rgb/set "blue"
        - Turn the main power off? main/switch/set "off"
    - What is the general rule for forming topics in IoTempower? 
        - The myhouse directory in this example is not named with the topics, so it starts from a directory lower. You go down all the folders and the device and mostly end with set.
    - When does it make sense to change something in system.conf?
        - If the wifi or MQTT broekr changes password or IP adress.
    - What role does the location of system.conf play? (What if it would be one level higher and there is also yourhouse)
        - system.conf predicts which is the highest level. So if there was a yourhouse the system.conf was a level higher.

## Nodes

During demonstration add to portfolio:
- What needs to/can go into node.conf?
    - In node.conf the type of microcontroller needs to be specified.
- How do [optional config.txt,] etc/iotempower.conf, system.conf, and node.conf influence environment variables for compiling? Give examples for when to change which.
    - Node.conf changes the microcontroller that is used, so the code gets changed for it.
    - system.conf has for example the WiFi name and password, and the MQTT broker.
    - etc/iotempower.conf can be used to always use the same variables, so if the WiFi would never change it can be put in there. It reads the file before system.conf.

